Klaytn safe docs (#506)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/toolkit/klaytn-safe/create-a-safe.md

> Here you will learn how to create a Safe and evaluate its benefits on the Klaytn Network. Let's get started!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will see how to create a Safe and evaluate its benefits on the Klaytn Network.
```
